README.md, before:

## This is my Personal Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Asjas/Personal-Webpage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Asjas/Personal-Webpage)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![Cypress.io tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress.io-tests-green.svg?style)](https://cypress.io)

This project uses the following tech stack:

- Front-End
  - Gatsby.js
  - Styled Components
  - Downshift
  - Formik
  - React Testing Library
  - Storybook

### Getting Started

To get the website up and running locally, you can clone this repo using the following
command.

```git
git clone git@github.com:Asjas/Personal-Webpage.git
```

Then execute the following commands to get it installed and running.

```sh
cd Personal-Webpage
npm install
npm run dev
```

This will start a local server on `http://localhost:8000` that you can open in your
browser.

### Storybook

This project uses Storybook.js. To run storybook you can use the following command.

```sh
npm run storybook
```

This will open a new tab in your browser on `http://localhost:9000`. You can then use
Storybook to see how the components appear in each story.

Commit message:

add code coverage and quality badges

README.md, after:

## This is my Personal Website

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Asjas/Personal-Webpage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Asjas/Personal-Webpage)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/8ab2545d29604ca98093f304a2612e95)](https://www.codacy.com/app/Asjas/Personal-Webpage?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=Asjas/Personal-Webpage&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/aeb0308fc860db634f77/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Asjas/Personal-Webpage/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/aeb0308fc860db634f77/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Asjas/Personal-Webpage/test_coverage)
[![Cypress.io tests](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress.io-tests-green.svg?style)](https://cypress.io)

This project uses the following tech stack:

- Front-End
  - Gatsby.js
  - Styled Components
  - Downshift
  - Formik
  - React Testing Library
  - Storybook

### Getting Started

To get the website up and running locally, you can clone this repo using the following command.

```git
git clone git@github.com:Asjas/Personal-Webpage.git
```

Then execute the following commands to get it installed and running.

```sh
cd Personal-Webpage
npm install
npm run dev
```

This will start a local server on `http://localhost:8000` that you can open in your browser.

### Storybook

This project uses Storybook.js. To run storybook you can use the following command.

```sh
npm run storybook
```

This will open a new tab in your browser on `http://localhost:9000`. You can then use Storybook to
see how the components appear in each story.
